# FINAL PROJECT
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/z9z8klhHWfU?si=P10BpdkGRU2OKXv7
#### Description: My CS50 Final Project was a Web-based Application for a registering for a sport with a sign-in/sign-out feature, navigational buttons, registration and deregistration features, and error page. My goal was to complete a functional sign-up app using the examples and some photos from the CS50x class. I also make sure to include a SQL database for storing the registrants.

### Deciding on what to make for the final project took a while. I only know so many skills, and it was important to me to practice those skills again, so I would retain the lessons in class when moving on to the next CS50 series of classes. I first practiced all of the problems in lecture again, and finally decided just to make a registration app as a complete app that puts all of the pieces together and incorporates Flask, Sign/In, HTML/Java/CSS, and Python into a single App. Although, admittedly, my App is pretty straight forward, I wanted something functional, that had sequential navigation to walk the user though the registration process, and would return back to the homepage upon logging out. I did add images used from CS50's earlier homework, as I loved the pictures taken around Harvard's campus, and it was fun to incorporate those.

### The deadline for my project really affected my decisions. I noticed during the class that a seemingly simple homework could end up taking days when a small typo or error was created but not recognized. I know in the real world, deadlines matter. This is and always will be an important part of setting goals when developing. My main goals were accomplished, to create a functional web-based app centering around the lessons learned at the end of the course.

### I do think that for next steps, I would have liked to have included the new style of json search/query. I did attempt to recreate it for my final project, but I just couldn't quite get it to work, so I had to leave it for a future revision or when I am not under time pressure. I also would like to explore using an API like we did in the Finance homework. I originally also played with a shopping cart, but I didn't think it fit in with my registration app, so I left that feature out and just kept the shopping cart in my practice folder.

### I did find the actual project very helpful in learning to read the code once I had left my project and returned. Following the breadcrumbs is an important skill in understanding, not only the work of others, but in fact, in understanding your own work when you were really tired but coding hours after you should have taken a break.

### I also made sure to include an error page, with a back button. This page will come up after the use clicks on a submit button without entering their name into the input field. I gave specific instructions to help the user avoid the error screen, but it is there none the less. I also included the text "Success!" once the registration was complete. Although, the back button is also included on  success screen in case they user deregisters and want to go back and register for a different sport.

### I kept the actual names of the Sports and Radio buttons the same as one of the original examples given in lecture. I really didn't want to focus too much on making my app pretty, as the hardest execution on week 9 in class and for the final project is stitching all of the pages, static images, folders, requirements, and the app pages together so that they function correctly. I did include a stylesheet just for the sake of review on how to include one, and I also embedded the images, for the same reason.

### I ask a family member to test my app. I was surprised how much I learned by watching a user use my app for the first time. I am going to make it a point to ask someone to test my apps as I develop them. The great thing about developing apps with buttons for users, is that the users don't have to know anything about computer science, and the process only takes a few minutes. I refined my app by adding more back buttons, by enlarging the text and pictures for better access, and by writing out instructions more clearly, even though the process seemed clear to me.

### Thank you for checking out my Final Project for your dedication to CS50!
